# Tag:
tree,medium

# Discription:
Given a binary tree, return the postorder traversal of its nodes' values.

Example:

Input: [1,null,2,3]
   1
    \
     2
    /
   3

Output: [3,2,1]

# Solution:
## The recursive solution:

       /**
       * Definition for a binary tree node.
       * struct TreeNode {
       *     int val;
       *     TreeNode *left;
       *     TreeNode *right;
       *     TreeNode(int x) : val(x), left(NULL), right(NULL) {}
       * };
       */
      class Solution {
      public:
          vector<int>res;
          vector<int> postorderTraversal(TreeNode* root) {

              postorder(root);
              return res;
          }
          void postorder(TreeNode* root)
          {
                     if(root!=NULL)
              {
                  postorder(root->left);
                  postorder(root->right);
                  res.insert(res.end(),root->val);
              }

          }
          };
    
## The iterative solution:
 /**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * struct TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode *left;
 *     TreeNode *right;
 *     TreeNode(int x) : val(x), left(NULL), right(NULL) {}
 * };
 */
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> postorderTraversal(TreeNode* root) {
    stack<TreeNode*>sta1;
    stack<TreeNode*>sta2;
    vector<int>res;
    if(!root) return res;
    sta1.push(root);
        while(!sta1.empty())
        {
            TreeNode* temp=sta1.top();
            sta2.push(temp);
            sta1.pop();
            if(temp->left)
            {
                sta1.push(temp->left);
            }
            if(temp->right)
            {
                sta1.push(temp->right);
            }
        }
        while(!sta2.empty())
        {
            res.push_back(sta2.top()->val);
            sta2.pop();
        }
        return res;
    }
    };
    
    
    
    
# Thinking:
   Aparently, the way of recursive is much easier than the way of iterative.
   The key point of this kind of traversal is to make sure the sequence of taveral, because the diffience among preorder, inorder and post order are just the sequence. 
   Consequently when the  code is recursive, we only need to change the order of the code ablove to solve the problem.
   The iterative solution is interesing.
# Related problem:
   94. Binary Tree Inorder Traversal
