# Tag
Greedy;easy
#Description
Assume you are an awesome parent and want to give your children some cookies. But, you should give each child at most one cookie. Each child i has a greed factor gi, which is the minimum size of a cookie that the child will be content with; and each cookie j has a size sj. If sj >= gi, we can assign the cookie j to the child i, and the child i will be content. Your goal is to maximize the number of your content children and output the maximum number.

Note:
You may assume the greed factor is always positive. 
You cannot assign more than one cookie to one child.

Example 1:
Input: [1,2,3], [1,1]

Output: 1

Explanation: You have 3 children and 2 cookies. The greed factors of 3 children are 1, 2, 3. 
And even though you have 2 cookies, since their size is both 1, you could only make the child whose greed factor is 1 content.
You need to output 1.
Example 2:
Input: [1,2], [1,2,3]

Output: 2

Explanation: You have 2 children and 3 cookies. The greed factors of 2 children are 1, 2. 
You have 3 cookies and their sizes are big enough to gratify all of the children, 
You need to output 2.

# Solution:
```C++
#include<algorithm>
using namespace std;
class Solution {
public:

    int findContentChildren(vector<int>& g, vector<int>& s) {
        sort(g.begin(),g.end(),cmp); // change to an ascending order vector
        sort(s.begin(),s.end(),cmp);
        int num=0;// result
        for(int i=0;i<g.size();i++)
        {
            for(int j=0;j<s.size();j++)
            {
                if(s[j]>=g[i])
                {
                    num++;
                    s.erase(s.begin()+j);
                    break;
                }
            }
            
            
        }
        return num;
    }
               static bool cmp(const int& a,const int& b)
    {
            return a<b;
    }
};
```
# Thought:

This is an easy greedy problem.
Firstly, the vector need to be sort as an ascending order. Then, we just compare the element and erase the cookies which has been alloted.
Remember when you need to operate on the element after erasing, the pointer is on the element next to the one deleted.
